Halperin's this is another idea starting
from today I am going to do a little bit
of video blogging along with the text
box I post so but all you can see these
videos can be related to my articles or
just a little bit of discussion so from
last few days I am noticing the image
and a post on many social networking
sites like Facebook and some blogs that
the pepsi-cola lays masala flavor Indian
masala flavor has substance P 6 31 which
is a what we call tasting substance just
like salt which is added to the chips is
made of pig fats no doubt the substance
can be drive from pig fats along with
some other vegetable vegetable sources
but to make sure that if there is a
green dot on the table the bag of chips
there is nothing non-vegetarian in the
chip so I bought this Indian masala
flavor magic masala and what I can see
in the immigrants is it actually does
not have a C 631 in Indian packets
moreover the practical site has
announced on their website that the
chips are totally vegetarian and there
is nothing non vegetarian the chips
making it very clear that the rumors are
actually rumors so what I prefer just
not to spread any rumors about any
company no doubt it's the junk food and
we should but we normally can't or we
don't want to avoid it but this is a
fake information this is a